docs: ✏️ add caution (#1)
mangano-ito/slack-emoji-usage-report: README.md

First try crawling the channels you want, then generate report.

> #### Caution

Author: ```suggestion
### Caution
```

> To invite a bot if You use a Bot token.

Author: ```suggestion
- Add a bot to the channel you want to report, if using a bot token.
- Using a user token, you need to join this channel.
```

Author: @mangano-ito fix my english... how about this ?

Reviewer: @75asa
Nice! I should mention that the token owner should join channels first.
This notice makes the document more helpful. 😄 

---

The wording looks good! I could possibly suggest:

- You could reword `if used a bot token` into `if using a Bot token` or `if a Bot token (is) used`.
- You could simply say `Using a user token,` instead of `Also using a user token`.

I think these differences are subtle. Sorry for my nitpicking. :bow:

Author: @mangano-ito thx ur positive suggestion, it's done that point 🚀
